# Assignment Feedback

### Summary

**Assignment**: `parallel_make`  
**Scheduled**: 10-22-20 23:34:00  
**Revision**: c1726e4e07eec75c80bb8715788eb22b9af2af01  
**Score**: **1.0** out of **17.0** points

### Test Cases
---

**basic_test**: Test that target command gets run  
**0.0** out of **1.0** points
```
Trying to compile your code...
Successfully compiled your code.
Failed to find correct output (or extra printouts?)
```
---

**basic_test1**: Test that targets don't get run until dependencies are satisfied  
**0.0** out of **1.0** points
```
Trying to compile your code...
Successfully compiled your code.
Did not find the correct output
```
---

**basic_test2**: Test that a more complex dependencies list gets printed correctly  
**0.0** out of **3.0** points
```
Trying to compile your code...
Successfully compiled your code.
```
---

**basic_test2_slow**: Test that a more complex dependencies list gets printed correctly and not too quickly for 1 thread  
**0.0** out of **1.0** points
```
Trying to compile your code...
Successfully compiled your code.
Too fast :o
```
---

**cycle_test**: Test that cycles are handled appropriately  
**0.0** out of **3.0** points
```
Trying to compile your code...
Successfully compiled your code.
Too few cycles identified!
Failed to find correct output messages.
```
---

**fail_dependency_command_test**: Test that all parent dependencies stop when child dependency commands fail  
**0.0** out of **2.0** points
```
Trying to compile your code...
Successfully compiled your code.
Failed to find correct output
```
---

**fail_test**: Test correct commands are run when command fails  
**0.0** out of **1.0** points
```
Trying to compile your code...
Successfully compiled your code.
Failed to find correct output
```
---

**memory_test**: Memory test  
**1.0** out of **1.0** points
```
Trying to compile your code...
Successfully compiled your code.
```
---

**target_test**: Test that only specified makefile targets get run  
**0.0** out of **2.0** points
```
Trying to compile your code...
Successfully compiled your code.
Failed to find correct output in the correct order (or extra printouts?)
```
---

**target_test1**: Test that specified makefile targets with dependencies get run correctly  
**0.0** out of **1.0** points
```
Trying to compile your code...
Successfully compiled your code.
```
---

**touch_test**: Test that targets don't run if dependency not modified (depends on target_test)  
**0.0** out of **1.0** points
```
Trying to compile your code...
Successfully compiled your code.
Did not find the correct output
```
### Checksums

242ceea48ea99ba0d243b19b3cdd3656aa6aefd2 parmake.c


### Disclaimer
If this is a pre-deadline autograde, this a preliminary measurement of your grade.
If this is after the deadline, this is your final grade for the assignment.
Your grade may change up or down based on the correctness of your program.
We make every effort to ensure that our autograder is 'smart' enough to not count off
for simple things like grammar but, in doing so, we may inadvertently allow for
incorrect code to be counted as correct.
If we have to change our script to better reflect the correctness of your program,
we will run the script on every testcase and update every student's output to ensure fairness.



### Academic Integrity
Cheating is taken very seriously in CS 241 and all cases of cheating will be brought to the University, your department, and your college.
You should understand how academic integrity applies to Computer Science courses.
If you are caught cheating on an assignment and it was your first offense then you will lose all points for the assignment and your final course
grade will be lowered by one whole letter grade. If you are caught cheating on an assignment and it was your second offense then you will automatically fail the course.
Rule of Thumb - If at any point you submit an assignment that does not reflect your understanding of the material, then you have probably cheated.
Additionally, you may not publish your solutions or leave them in 'plain view' thereby leaving your programs open to copying, which constitutes cheating.
If your code or a variation of it is found publicly accessible, then you will receive a letter grade reduction for each assignment.
For example, if we find your code on GitHub for one MP then you will receive a letter grade reduction. 2 letter grades for 2 assignments and so on.
If you are confused on what it means to be 'publicly accessible', then do not put your code anywhere besides official submissions and take measures
to ensure that nobody can copy your code, so that you are not charged with a violation.


