# Assignment Feedback

### Summary

**Assignment**: `malloc_pt2`  
**Scheduled**: 10-13-20 00:00:00  
**Revision**: d8128de3b95804df694d9a63b0a8b629d324097e  
**Score**: **5.0** out of **12.0** points

### Test Cases
---

**Tester 1**: ./mcontest testers_exe/tester-1 (timeout 60 seconds)  
**1.0** out of **1.0** points
```
STATUS: OK
MAX: 44
AVG: 44.000000
TIME: 0.480481
```
---

**Tester 2**: ./mcontest testers_exe/tester-2 (timeout 60 seconds)  
**1.0** out of **1.0** points
```
STATUS: OK
MAX: 272629841
AVG: 214958140.500002
TIME: 4.078848
```
---

**Tester 3**: ./mcontest testers_exe/tester-3 (timeout 60 seconds)  
**1.0** out of **1.0** points
```
STATUS: OK
MAX: 1048657
AVG: 1048569.622615
TIME: 0.326546
```
---

**Tester 4**: ./mcontest testers_exe/tester-4 (timeout 60 seconds)  
**0.0** out of **1.0** points
```
STATUS: FAILED=(92)
MAX: 2622488697
AVG: 2116544490.506014
TIME: 1.365250
```
---

**Tester 5**: ./mcontest testers_exe/tester-5 (timeout 60 seconds)  
**0.0** out of **1.0** points
```
STATUS: FAILED=(92)
MAX: 2684183318
AVG: 1344178437.137497
TIME: 0.314985
```
---

**Tester 6**: ./mcontest testers_exe/tester-6 (timeout 60 seconds)  
**0.0** out of **1.0** points
```
STATUS: FAILED=(92)
MAX: 2565050193
AVG: 1984587130.076923
TIME: 7.966712
```
---

**Tester 7**: ./mcontest testers_exe/tester-7 (timeout 60 seconds)  
**1.0** out of **1.0** points
```
STATUS: OK
MAX: 2505397909
AVG: 1854335286.771429
TIME: 4.194283
```
---

**Tester 8**: ./mcontest testers_exe/tester-8 (timeout 60 seconds)  
**1.0** out of **1.0** points
```
STATUS: OK
MAX: 2505397989
AVG: 2082408661.618182
TIME: 5.436375
```
---

**Tester 9**: ./mcontest testers_exe/tester-9 (timeout 60 seconds)  
**0.0** out of **1.0** points
```
STATUS: FAILED=(92)
MAX: 2684144769
AVG: 1339563589.121006
TIME: 0.722170
```
---

**Tester 10**: ./mcontest testers_exe/tester-10 (timeout 60 seconds)  
**0.0** out of **1.0** points
```
STATUS: FAILED=(92)
MAX: 2550137438
AVG: 1338645575.000000
TIME: 0.001711
```
---

**Tester 11**: ./mcontest testers_exe/tester-11 (timeout 60 seconds)  
**0.0** out of **1.0** points
```
STATUS: FAILED=(92)
MAX: 2147483737
AVG: 1610612813.000000
TIME: 0.001568
```
---

**Tester 12**: ./mcontest testers_exe/tester-12 (timeout 60 seconds)  
**0.0** out of **1.0** points
```
STATUS: FAILED=(92)
MAX: 2415919393
AVG: 1763252699.039216
TIME: 6.840955
```
### Checksums

9e5cfffdd2ac72c8bcbdd32332dc51d6d7011c62 alloc.c


### Disclaimer
If this is a pre-deadline autograde, this a preliminary measurement of your grade.
If this is after the deadline, this is your final grade for the assignment.
Your grade may change up or down based on the correctness of your program.
We make every effort to ensure that our autograder is 'smart' enough to not count off
for simple things like grammar but, in doing so, we may inadvertently allow for
incorrect code to be counted as correct.
If we have to change our script to better reflect the correctness of your program,
we will run the script on every testcase and update every student's output to ensure fairness.



### Academic Integrity
Cheating is taken very seriously in CS 241 and all cases of cheating will be brought to the University, your department, and your college.
You should understand how academic integrity applies to Computer Science courses.
If you are caught cheating on an assignment and it was your first offense then you will lose all points for the assignment and your final course
grade will be lowered by one whole letter grade. If you are caught cheating on an assignment and it was your second offense then you will automatically fail the course.
Rule of Thumb - If at any point you submit an assignment that does not reflect your understanding of the material, then you have probably cheated.
Additionally, you may not publish your solutions or leave them in 'plain view' thereby leaving your programs open to copying, which constitutes cheating.
If your code or a variation of it is found publicly accessible, then you will receive a letter grade reduction for each assignment.
For example, if we find your code on GitHub for one MP then you will receive a letter grade reduction. 2 letter grades for 2 assignments and so on.
If you are confused on what it means to be 'publicly accessible', then do not put your code anywhere besides official submissions and take measures
to ensure that nobody can copy your code, so that you are not charged with a violation.


